---
title:  "I'm gainfully employed!"
subtitle: "Or what a difference a year makes!"
author: "Cheyenne"
avatar: "img/authors/Cheyenne.jpg"
image: "img/queensPark.jpg"
date:   2017-06-07 1:00 PM
---

## I am now a junior developer with the [Ontario Digital Service](https://medium.com/ontariodigital){:target="_blank"}!

What a year! After finishing my coding bootcamp I've had the pleasure of working on some great projects with great people! In the meantime I gave time back to Bitmaker and helped teach the next 'generation(s)' after me! All while continuing to learn and grow my coding skillz and reaching out to companies I really wanted to work for. I wanted to find work that had meaning to me. I didn't want to be another cog in a large corporate machine, and it was important that the work I would do had impact.

Every interview was an opportunity for me to grow and learn what it is about me that makes me stand apart too. It's very obvious that as a junior you have a lot to prove and are a huge risk to take on for any team. But I kept plugging away and kept reaching out and practising. Reaching out and practising and reaching out and lather, rinse, repeat. I met some amazing people along the way and kept learning more about myself. It was both terrifying and fantastic!

But finally my real big break came after being rejected from what I assumed was my dream job. I had had an all day interview marathon session, I felt ready, I felt I had this one in the bag and it was going to be awesome!

I love Twitter. I use it every day and I can't list the number of times it's come through for me. Whether it's free doughnuts or new friends across the world, Twitter has been a fantastic tool for me. In this case it literally got me a job! (Well ok, my hard work and continuing goal of being nothing short of being just me probably helped too!).

After my latest rejection I sent a tweet out into the ether reminding others to stay positive when looking for their first opportunity as a junior developer. And in return the ether sent me Amy. Amy used to design some pretty funky knitting patterns, lots of which I had purchased, and I had been following her for years. As it happens she's also the assistant director for Ontario.ca! "What's your stack?" she asked me. And suddenly...I was ready to jump in and say "Whatever you want it to be!". Thankfully my logical side kicked in and I remembered what I DID know! (Never over sell your skills! You know stuff! Just make sure you don't tell people you know stuff you don't know!)

Any and I had an email chat and next thing I know I'm sat at a table talking with three of her senior devlopers! I learned a lot that day. I learned that I know some things, I was reminded that I still had a lot to learn (honestly my favourite part of this game!) and best of all I learned that the provincial government was on the edge of something really cool after years of hard work by some dedicated folk. And here I am today! I get to work with said team, learn from some amazing people and in my own small way I get to be a part of the creation of the new Ontario Digital Service! How awesome is that?! That's quite the journey!
